{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 MUMT301-2019 Assignment 1\
QUESTIONNAIRE!\
\
The following questionnaire seeks to understand your previous knowledge about some of the concepts that we will learn in class during the coming term.\
\
\
1. Do you know any programming languages? If you do, which ones?\
No\
2. What is your primary computer operating system?\
MacOsx\
3. Do you own a smartphone, table, or mobile device? If you do, what model and OS?\
Yes, I use an iPhone 9 with a 12.4 operating system \
4. Do you use any social networking services? If you do, which ones? Why?\
Yes. I mainly use Instagram, Facebook and Whatsapp\
5. Expand the following acronyms and do research about their meaning. You may look them up if you don't know:\
\
	HTTP: Stands for HyperText Transfer Protocol. It defines how message are formatted and transmitted on the web.\
	REST: Stands for Representational State Transfer. It's a software style that defines a set of constraints that are used for creation on the web.\
	API: Stands for Applicaion Program Interface. It is used to build software applications. They're usua;;y developed in a form that is consumable by a client application.\
\
6. Do you play a musical instrument or sing? If so, how proficient are you?\
I play drums as well as a little bit of singing. I'm mainly into production though. I studied Piano for around 3 years, Drums for 7 years, and I've been producing on Ableton for around 8 yers.\
7. Can you read music notation? If so, how well?\
I can read a bit of musical notation but very slowly. \
8. How large is your personal music collection? Estimate the number of artists, albums, and songs. If instead you listen to music using streaming services, how many playlists, artists, albums, and songs do you have in your account?\
I used to download all of my music to my computer During tht time I probably had around 90,000-100,000 songs. However, nowadays since I'm using spotify, I have around 40 playlists containing around 10,000 songs. This is always growing though due to the accessibility of music nowadays. I also use Soundcloud a fair bit. I own vinyl as well, mainly purchasing my favorite albums. There's something special about having a tangible copy of something that you love.\
9. How do you search and find new music?\
I use spotify algorithms a lot. I also use Soundcloud to find the more underground dance and hip-hop. I feel like word of mouth is still the best way to find music, however I follow a large list of blogs and social media accounts in order to keep me updated on all the different stuff I tend to listen to\
10. Implement a script in your favorite programming language that takes numbers as its input until it receives the command "done." When it reads "done," print out the average of all the numbers that were input.\
\
If you don't know a programming language, write out all the steps you would need to accomplish the same task.\
\
Example: if we were writing a piece of software that took ingredients of a recipe and then, when it received the word "end" it printed the ingredients out, our steps might look like this:\
\
	1. Input ingredients\
	2. If input is not "end" add the ingredient to the ingredient list\
	3. Go to step 1.\
	4. If input is "end" print each ingredient in the ingredient list,\
	5. Exit.\
\
Software for telling listeners the artits that are within a playlist\
\
1. Input all songs with artists attached to each song.\
2. If input is not "end", add each artist to the playlist\
3. Revisit step 1\
4. If input is "end" print each artist to within the playlist\
5. Exit\
\
11. What is Git?\
Git is a control system that tracks changes in source code during software development. It is often used to track changes in different files.\
\
12. What is Github? Do you have an account? If you do not, create one and provide your username.\
Github is a company that develops software using git. Username: orbachj\
13. List all the musical shows that you are planning to attend in the next few weeks. Do provide links to them.\
 - Tyler, the Creator: https://www.evenko.ca/en/events/27455/tyler-the-creator/place-bell/09-11-2019\
 - Thom Yorke: https://evenko.ca/en/events/27693/thom-yorke/place-bell/09-26-2019\
 - Bon Iver: https://www.ticketmaster.ca/bon-iver-tickets/artist/1195873\
14. In your opinion, what are the two most interesting upcoming musical artists?\
 - JPEGMAFIA: Interesting take on hip-hop, fusing non-generic, sometimes industrial sounding noises within his music.\
 - Oscar Jerome: Jazz musician using Jazz theory within a different context, fusing genres such as hip-hop and rnb.\
To deliver the questionnaire you will:\
\
	1. Create another folder named www inside your home directory in the server\
	2. Move the file questionnaire.txt to the www folder you just made\
	3. Rename the file questionnaire.txt to assignment1.txt\
	4. If you did everything correctly, you should be able to see the file in a web browser by typing its URL\
	http://132.206.14.130/yourusername/assignment1.txt\
}